Move Deployment Scenarios sections into separate modules (#3525)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_single-location-with-segregated-subnets.adoc

> [id="single-locations-with-segregated-subnets_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="single-locations-with-segregated-subnets"]
```

If we introduce new anchors, I'd appreciate it if we drop the `{context}` unless necessary. I am also cool if I can do this in a follow-up. Applies to all files.

Author: Done. I dropped `{context}` from all the module IDs in the new assembly.

= Single location with segregated subnets

Your infrastructure might require multiple isolated subnets even if {ProjectName} is deployed in a single geographic location.
This can be achieved for example by deploying multiple {SmartProxyServers} with DHCP and DNS services, but the recommended way is to create segregated subnets using a single {SmartProxy}.
This {SmartProxy} is then used to manage hosts and compute resources in those segregated networks to ensure they only have to access the {SmartProxy} for provisioning, configuration, errata, and general management.

> For more information on configuring subnets see {ManagingHostsDocURL}[_Managing Hosts_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring subnets, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}[_{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_].
```
